h1. AKOLibrary

* Author: Adrian Kosmaczewski
* Date: May 16th, 2011

This library exposes functionality and classes used in many applications
developed by akosma software.

h2. Build

These instructions explain how to build the project in Xcode 4.

h3. Install Xcode

Install the iPhone developer tools for iOS 4.3. This builds successfully with 
Xcode 4.0.2 and later. This project does not build with older versions of Xcode, 
because the source code uses the automatic ivar generation feature of LLVM.

h3. Install Doxygen

Download Doxygen from the website http://doxygen.org/ and install it in 
the "Applications" folder.

h3. Build binaries and documentation

Open the AKOLibrary.xcodeproj file with Xcode 4.0.2, select the
"Universal_Framework | iOS Device" scheme, and select the "Product / Build"
menu entry. The solution should compile without problems.

h2. Documentation

To generate the documentation, make sure that Doxygen 1.7.2 or later
(http://www.stack.nl/~dimitri/doxygen/) is installed; type "doc.sh" in the root folder
of the project.

h3. Note about PDF output with Doxygen

If you want to create a PDF output using Doxygen, you should install first 
the MacTex distribution, freely available from
http://www.tug.org/mactex/

Download the disk image file from
http://mirror.ctan.org/systems/mac/mactex/MacTeX.dmg

Open the image file and execute the installer inside. This will install all the  
required tools to generate PDF files from the Doxygen documentation.

h2. Tests

The AKOLibrary is bundled with a large suite of tests. 

To run the tests, select the "Universal_Framework | iOS Device" scheme, 
and select  the "Product / Test" menu entry. This will launch the
iPhone Simulator app, and then run the tests.

To see the test results, open the console in Xcode 4.
